EZP-32241: Commerce user guide revision (#99)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/shop_administration/manage_prices_and_stock.md

# Manage prices and stock [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

![](img/manage_prices_menu.png)

## Product prices

![](img/price_management_prices.png)

> Price management enables you to set up prices manually. A price can be set up per SKU and SKU/variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Price management enables you to set up prices manually. 
A price can be set up per SKU and SKU/variant.
```

Each price can contain an offer price and a base price.

In addition, prices can vary per customer group.

### Currencies

Currency is configured per country in the configuration settings.

If a product has a price defined for a currency, this price is displayed in the shop.
If no price for the currency is set in the shop, there are two possibilities:

> - Calculate the price for the requested currency using the base price defined in the product and an exchange rate defined in the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calculate the price for the requested currency based on the base price defined in the product and an exchange rate defined in the configuration
```
